be was were been Tom wants to be a teacher.
he was at a school last week to observe
the students but they were not in class.
he's been studying hard since then but he
hasn't been teaching yet.
have had had Anna likes to have pets.
she had a dog once but it ran away.
she's had other pets but none were as loyal.
do did done mike loves to do puzzles.
last night he did a one thousand piece puzzle.
he's done many but this one took forever.
go went gone
lucy wants to go on a trip.
she went to paris last year.
since then she's gone on many adventures.
get got got gotten Sarah hopes to get
good grades.
she got an A in math.
she's gotten more confident with each test.
make make made made made jake tries to
make pizza.
he made one last night but it burned.
he's made better ones before.
take took taken sam sam
sam loves to take naps.
yesterday he took a long one.
he's taken so many naps that he feels
like a cat.
come came come sandra tries to come early
to class.
last week she came too late.
she's come on time ever since.
see saw seen one doesn't like to see his
mother -in -law.
she's always mad at him.
the other day when she saw him in the
kitchen, she tried to burn him.
he hasn't seen her since then.
no knew known jack wants to know everything.
last week he knew all the answers in trivia.
he's known as the smart guy ever since.